hi guys it's andy and welcome to my
channel i am obsessed obsessed with this
product and i am talking about it
cosmetics this is a cosmetic line that
is sold on QVC and if you know me and
you followed me I buy a lot of products
from QVC and I usually buy a lot of my
makeup palettes if you will from chibi
see if cosmetics is one of those
cosmetic companies that I had never
tried the products but I was just dying
to okay so this is a disc that has
bronzer highlighter and a gorgeous peach
blush so first of all the bronzer look
at a huge it is okay I don't think I'm
ever going to hit pan on this puppy but
it's a reddish browser and I'll swipe it
and as you can see it's more on the
reddish tint and it is really nice just
like all over colors so i was using this
this bronzer a lot over the summer you
get a peachy blush this blush is very
very peachy with that that is gorgeous
is so so pretty and with the bronzer is
just gorgeous okay I have to admit my
favorite product out of the whole disk
is the highlighter let me show you this
highlighter with this highlighter I
barely swatched it it is absolutely
gorgeous so a highlighter I cannot tell
you I have never found a product that I
could use like right in my tear duct
area I absolutely love love love this
highlighter and I've been using it like
every freaking day so in addition to the
disc you get a concealer and this
concealer is covers everything I mean it
covers everything and it's what I would
compare it to is Kat Von D's um tattoo
concealer this tube is one fluid ounces
I happen to get this one in tan because
i was using it in the summer and quite
honestly i barely put it down
this concealer so this really lasts a
long time and I'm telling you covers a
lot this is one of the brushes that you
get with this kit and it is so soft so
soft so fluffy so what do I use this far
I really don't use it to apply the
bronzer because it's just like too big
and just if I did I mean I would just
like look like a tan mess so really what
I use this brush is for my powder my HD
powder so after I um put my makeup on I
use this brush and it's just awesome I
just put all of my HD powder on with
this brush see get this brush with a kid
so you get another brush right you get a
double ended brush and this brush is
really for putting on your blush and
I've already used it it's a little dirty
because I've already used it but look at
that look at how soft it is and look at
how big it is I mean it's just perfect
it's just absolutely perfect so the
other end is for the concealer and it is
perfect it's just like perfect to put
the concealer underneath your eye or
like areas where you have you know a
blemish or you have maybe freckles and
it's just perfect but really what I use
this for is I use it for applying that
highlighter right in the inner corner of
my eye just fits early perfectly so all
of these products all of these products
you get in this kit and I want to say
that this cut kit was $45 yeah where are
you defying to get like this for $45 so
I'm gonna put the link down below
because I am obsessed obsessed with this
kid so like i said i have like obsessed
obsessed with this disk here and i am
going to you know try other products in
her line and i'll let you guys know what
I think about him if you're interested
if you're interested in this disk I'm
gonna go ahead and put the link down
below if they still offer the kid i'll
go ahead and do that as well um and the
concealer is amazing I'm telling you
it's just amazing it covers everything
everything
um so as always I really appreciate you
stopping by and if you found this review
helpful I really appreciate it if you
clicked like and if you have any
suggestions for other products that
maybe I should try go ahead and leave
them down below in the comments section
alright so I hope you guys are doing
well and thank you so much for stopping
by and I will talk to you soon okay bye